I called Xiaoliang,
but he didn't answer.
Xiaoliang won't be implicated.
I'll get you out of Beiyan first,
and then go get him.
We'll find a chance to meet up.
It's all my fault.
Qin, don't say that.
Fortune favors the bold.
This is the price to pay
to change our fate.
Hello.
If I don't see you,
I'll go crazy.
Otherwise, I'll spill
all your dirty secrets.
East Suburb abandoned factory.
Meet me there.
Don't cry!
Turn the car around.
Qin, leave this to me. I'll go find him.
Huang Mantang is after me.
If he doesn't see me,
he'll definitely call the cops.
Qin, I can handle him.
You just take Xiaoliang and go.
No! Xiaoliang can't know.
I can't take that risk.
Turn around.
=The Silent Rift=
=Episode 14=
(Revenge Gone Mad)
- Officer Zhu!
- Li Fen.
You're finally here!
I couldn't find her anywhere.
- Chuchu is well-behaved.
- Calm.
- She would never wander off.
- Calm down.
What happened? Tell me slowly.
I-I brought my daughter here to shop.
When I was paying,
I turned around, and she was gone.
I-I just found her doll
on the floor here.
Don't panic. You need to stay calm.
Stay calm.
I'll have a colleague pull
the surveillance footage.
We'll know what happened
in the past two hours soon.
(Grocery Section)
In the next 24 hours,
someone will be with you.
If you get a call for ransom,
just answer it.
My colleague will be with you.
Did you check the back door?
No.
Li Fen.
It is important for you
to stay calm now.
Think carefully.
Have you encountered anyone
or anything unusual recently?
No.
Think hard.
I know.
It's him.
Xue Yonghui must have recognized me.
He's afraid I'll testify against him.
He took Chuchu. He's trying
to blackmail me, Officer Zhu.
Explain yourself. What do you mean?
One of the credit union robbers
was Xue Yonghui.
Are you telling the truth?
The welfare factory belongs to Caisheng,
but we have little business interaction.
My impression of him was just a name.
When I saw him that day,
I recognized his eyes.
I kept wondering why
those eyes looked so familiar.
I just couldn't place it.
But I'm sure that those eyes
were definitely his.
Xue Yonghui kidnapped Chuchu.
It has to be him, Officer Zhu.
What's our next move?
If Xue Yonghui kidnapped Chuchu,
he must be prepared
to fight to the death now.
Li Fen, come on.
Someone called the cops,
saying Xue Yonghui is holding hostages
at the East Suburb abandoned factory.
Who was the caller?
He wouldn't say.
He said there's a show waiting for us.
Let's go.
Qin.
Watch your step.
Chuchu?
Qin.
Careful, Qin.
Yonghui!
(Zhu Helai)
Hello? What is it?
On a call right now. Talk later.
Xue Yonghui is extremely dangerous.
What did you say?
He was involved in the 6.10 robbery.
He's highly likely to have
kidnapped Li Fen's daughter by now.
Arrest Xue Yonghui immediately!
Got it.
Is that it?
Zhu Helai.
Listen. This isn't
just about you.
We'll talk later.
Qin, now that things have come to this,
can you tell me
whose child Xiaoliang is?
Is Xiaoliang our child?
Just tell me.
(Magou Town, Video Theater)
Don't think I'm some easy woman.
I'm not that kind
of shallow, vain woman.
Stay back!
Take care.
Why not leave, Mantang?
Haven't eaten yet?
Want some? It's still warm.
Here.
Eat up.
Look at this mess.
Just let us go.
You're still protecting him?
Fine. Meng Guangcai
is scared of Zhu Helai, right?
Well, I've called Zhu Helai
and his team over today.
I'm doing something big today.
You just wait.
Mr. Yonghui.
You should've seen this coming.
Let me tell you.
If I didn't want someone upset,
I'd kill you a thousand times.
You've beaten me so many times.
Stop!
Huang Mantang, stop!
You made me bark like a dog!
Yonghui!
You made me act like a dog!
You made me do it!
Yonghui!
Help!
You wanted to be crippled, didn't you?
I'll make sure both
your hands are useless.
Yonghui.
Chai Daqing, you're surrounded.
Stay calm. Whatever it is,
we can talk it out.
Just one condition.
You must keep the hostages safe.
Zhu Helai! Get Zhu Helai
here to talk to me.
Okay, we'll try our best
to let Zhu Helai come.
But you must stay calm.
Chai Daqing.
I'm Zhu Helai's superior.
My name is Liu Hua.
Please don't get agitated.
I'll try to meet any request
you have, okay?
Get lost! What superior?
Go get Zhu Helai!
Tell him,
isn't he dying to know about
the truth of the 6.10 case?
If he doesn't come, I won't say a word.
Alright.
Don't get agitated. I agree, okay?
Just a moment. Give me some time.
Zhang Wei. Go get Zhu Helai.
Zhang Wei, go ahead.
Okay, got it.
Snipers, listen up!
Ensure the hostages' safety.
He fathered a child with someone else,
yet you still protect him?
He has to die today.
Chuchu.
- Chuchu.
- Ma'am, you can't go in.
- Chu...
- Let go of me!
- Can't go in.
- Let go!
- Master.
- Calm down.
- Ma'am.
- Calm her down.
- Zhu.
- Chuchu.
Chuchu.
Going in now
will only agitate the suspect,
endangering Chuchu.
The suspect's emotions aren't stable.
When you go in, focus on two things.
First, guarantee hostages' safety.
Second, guarantee your safety.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Here, put on the protective gear.
Here, Master.
I'm not wearing it.
The suspect might get agitated
seeing it. Better avoid it.
Are the hostages safe?
Yes.
Testing.
Testing, one, two, three.
Okay, copy that.
I'm going in.
Chai Daqing, Zhu Helai is coming now.
He's unarmed. Don't get agitated.
Snipers, standby.
Copy that.
Zhu, you're here.
Just stay there.
You called me over in such a hurry.
I wonder what it's about.
Chai Daqing. No.
Should I call you Huang Mantang?
Exactly, Zhu.
Haven't met for over ten years.
I'm surprised you recognize me.
Of course, Mantang.
You've changed completely
since you were little.
You seem much sharper now than before.
No wonder no one recognized you.
And they all thought you were dead.
They made me play dead,
and set up a fake grave for me.
And you all bought it?
You rushed to get me here.
Is there something you want to tell me?
Are you dying to know about
the truth of the 6.10 case?
Mantang.
If you tell me about the 6.10 case,
I am all ears.
We have plenty of time. Take it slow.
I'll listen carefully
to every word you say.
But put the knife down.
Don't move!
You'd better not move.
You letting me come over
proves you still have some remorse.
If you show willingness to surrender,
I will definitely help you
get leniency. Okay?
I'm a dying man.
What use is leniency to me?
I want to see Meng Xiaoliang!
Okay.
Meng Xiaoliang will come.
I have so much to say to Xiaoliang.
I've called all you police here today
to be my witnesses.
I'm going to do something great.
I'll tell you everything they've done.
I want them to die and join me in death!
Calm down, Mantang.
My time is running out.
This brat... This brat has to die!
Mantang, calm down.
I will remove all obstacles
for Meng Xiaoliang.
I will make Meng Xiaoliang inherit
all of Meng Guangcai's money.
All of Meng Guangcai's property.
Zhu, tell Meng Guangcai
that what I take from him today
is everything he has.
He'll understand.
Zhu,
you want to know
the truth of the 6.10 case, right?
I'll tell you.
That day, the four of us...
Watch out!
Shoot!
Master!
Save the hostages.
Save the hostages! Hurry!
Huang Mantang!
Chuchu!
- Mom!
- Huang Mantang, tell me
if Meng Guangcai was involved?
Was he involved in the case 6.10?
Huang Mantang!
Yonghui!
Mom!
Huang Mantang!
Yonghui!
(Suspects)
I only realize now
that Xue Yonghui decided to kill after getting
Meng Guangcai's noodle-eating signal.
Who was most worthy of being killed?
It was this one who just
appeared but was silenced,
Meng Xiaoliang's biological dad.
This Huang Mantang
who had already died once.
Mom, go back to your room and rest.
I'm afraid I'll miss the call.
If you're hungry,
have the housekeeper make you food.
Mom, wasn't that man Uncle's driver?
Why did he kidnap you?
Why did Uncle kill him?
That man was a lunatic.
He kidnapped me just for money.
Uncle killed him to protect me.
Don't worry about these things.
Just focus on
preparing for going abroad.
Alright?
Uncle won't be released, right?
But Dad will be released, right?
Yes.
Your dad is innocent.
Eighteen years.
Has it been that long?
You were still in high school
back then, right?
Tell me.
How did you get involved
in the 6.10 case back then?
(Beiyan County, Construction Site)
Hurry! Come on!
Let me see.
Give me! Let me see!
How is it?
Can this thing even work?
It can!
They told me it'll work
once we load the gunpowder.
It's in my pocket.
But will it actually work?
I haven't tested it.
So will it work when the time comes?
Wait, Dazhu. Won't we
just use it to scare people
when we rob the credit union?
Are we really going to shoot?
Cut the crap.
No, Dazhu.
Leave it with me.
Let's go.
Enough talk.
Leave it with me.
Lijun, he's coughing up blood again.
Lijun, how about this?
I'll go buy some medicine
or find a doctor to come over.
Where to?
The city is under a massive search.
If you rush out like this
and get caught, we'll all be done for.
But I... I'm afraid...
If we just do nothing,
Yonghui won't make it.
Yonghui.
Lijun.
I'll go.
Dazhu, if I'm not back in two hours,
tell Guangcai to move to
a different place with Yonghui.
Lijun.
What day is it?
Yonghui.
What did you say?
What day is today?
The 11th.
You've been injured
for a whole day since yesterday.
How are you feeling?
You can't go out.
The police must be looking for us.
When did your hand recover?
(But about my left hand recovering,)
no one knows.
Not even my sister.
(So everything that happened afterward)
was entirely my idea.
The first stab after your hand recovered
wasn't against Huang Mantang, right?
(Beiyan City, Urban Village)
Xue Yonghui.
I'm giving you another chance
to confess for leniency.
How many people were involved
in the 6.10 case, and who were they?
Five people in total.
Me,
Jiao Lijun,
Wang Dazhu,
Huang Mantang,
and Zuo Long, who fired the gun.
Xue Yonghui.
Did Meng Guangcai order you
to kill Huang Mantang?
I decided to kill him myself.
No one ordered it.
That night at the hospital,
the janitor who tried
to kill Lin Shan was you, right?
Spit it out.
Chief Liu.
Today I won't call you Chief Liu.
You're Laoer of the Squad Nine.
To be blunt,
let me stay in the task force
for two more days.
After two days,
Meng Guangcai will be
released from our custody.
I'm Laoda of the Squad Nine.
But everyone knows
you are more reliable than I am.
Out of the four of us in Squad Nine,
only two and a half are left.
I know it's all because of me,
and you resent me for it.
Lin Shan's situation
is directly related to me.
I'm the one who got Laosi killed.
All these years, I've been completely
fooled by Xue Yonghui's prosthetic arm.
I'm just stupid, blind, and bad.
I know.
All these years, you've never mentioned
Laosan and Laosi in front of me.
I know you can't get over it.
W-Who can get over it?
We all call you Liu Unity.
We all joked with you,
saying you're suited
to be a chief and climb up.
But we all know you're
extremely sentimental.
Watching the buddies fall one by one
is like stabbing a knife into your heart.
You assigned me to the kitchen,
and kicked me out of the task force.
I understand.
I have just one request today.
Let me return to the task force
and settle the case.
No matter what,
let me see this case through to the end.
That's all.
Done talking?
I'm not in uniform today.
I'm not Chief Liu today.
I'm saying this as Liu Unity.
With our experience,
over these 18 years, Meng Guangcai
has been preparing for today.
He's managed to turn
the tables and escape.
When the time comes,
we'll have to release him.
Can you accept this?
Zhu,
look at what you've become now.
See for yourself.
How long haven't you looked in a mirror?
Look at you.
You're a mess.
Don't you know your health?
I don't want you to risk
your life on this one thing.
We've already stripped everyone
around Meng Guangcai bare.
That's already something.
Why do you risk your life
on this single thing?
Keep yourself healthy.
We can keep fighting him, okay?
But I...
I can't just sit back
and watch him evade justice anymore.
I can't let Laosan and Laosi's
grudges unsolved anymore.
If so, I'd rather
give my own life for it.
Is it helping anything?
Is it useful?
Zhu Helai.
Look at me.
What did you tell me before?
Be loyal to hope.
Loyal to justice and the law.
What about now?
Now you're loyal to an obsession.
Only the two of us are left
from the four in Squad Nine.
Laoda.
I mean, if...
If one day, the two of us could go meet
Lin Shan and Du Ming together,
that would be a pretty happy thing.
I just don't want to be left alone,
without anyone to drink with.
Up to today, the 6.10 case
is already very clear.
Good! You finally solved the case.
Jiao Lijun, Wang Dazhu, and Xue Yonghui.
They have confessed to their crimes.
They will face legal punishment.
There's one thing
I want to mention to you.
The Huang Mantang you mentioned
who was already dead.
Now he really is dead.
What do you want to say?
During this long period,
I've been interrogated again and again.
Yet you have no witnesses
or physical evidence.
Just based on Zhu Helai's
suspicion of me,
you've kept me locked up until now.
The first pre-IPO company in Beiyan
has been ruined in your hands.
You can't justify this
to me, to my family,
or to my company.
You don't dare release me
and insist on convicting me,
just to close this case, right?
Uncle, you're settled up
with Caisheng Group.
He got off cheap with
just that little bit of money.
If it weren't for me,
a country boy like Meng Guangcai
could never make it this far.
Just stop being foolish.
If you'd listened to my advice
and cut ties with him,
we could've taken the money and escaped.
We wouldn't have ended up like this.
Do you think
Meng Guangcai really loves you?
He kept you in the company
to get close to me.
And what did you do?
At such a young age, you just...
You just had a child.
She's just a burden to you now.
My dad died young,
so I could only follow my mom
and become someone else's daughter.
I never had a choice.
Uncle, you were like a father
to me, choosing my school,
and choosing Caisheng Group
for me after graduation.
You told me to keep an eye on
Meng Guangcai. I did all that.
Being with Meng Guangcai was a mistake.
I shouldn't have interfered
in someone else's life.
But you all got it wrong.
I was never after Meng Guangcai's money.
I never had any grand illusions either.
In my whole life,
I've always been told what to do.
Only Chuchu. I chose
to give birth to her.
She's never a burden to me.
She is my daughter.
Fine.
You choose your path,
and I'll choose mine.
Mr. Xie, where are you going?
I'm not going anywhere.
I just ate too much dinner,
and came out for a stroll.
A stroll?
Carrying that much money?
Where exactly are you strolling to?
Come on. Let's go have a chat.
(Up to today, the 6.10 case)
Jiao Lijun, Wang Dazhu, and Xue Yonghui.
They have confessed to their crimes.
(They will face legal punishment.)
(That Huang Mantang
who was already dead.)
(Now he really is dead.)
Xiaoliang.
Tomorrow morning,
come with me to pick up Dad, okay?
(Beiyan Central Hospital)
Laosan.
This time, I might really lose.
=The Silent Rift=